squadron:Black Squadron 
squadron:Boba Fett 
squadron:Bossk 
squadron:Captain Jonus 
squadron:Ciena Ree 
squadron:Colonel Jendon 
squadron:Darth Vader 
squadron:Dengar 
squadron:Gamma Squadron 
squadron:Gar Saxon 
squadron:Howlrunner 
squadron:IG-88 
squadron:Maarek Stele 
squadron:Major Rhymer 
squadron:Mauler Mithel 
squadron:Morna Kee 
squadron:Saber Squadron 
squadron:Soontir Fel 
squadron:Tempest Squadron 
squadron:Valen Rudor 
squadron:Whisper 
squadron:Zertik Strom 
squadron:Aggressor Assault Fighter 
squadron:Firespray-31 
squadron:JumpMaster 5000 
squadron:Lambda Shuttle 
squadron:Mandalorian Gauntlet Fighter 
squadron:TIE Advanced Squadron 
squadron:TIE Bomber Squadron 
squadron:TIE Defender Squadron 
squadron:TIE Fighter Squadron 
squadron:TIE Interceptor Squadron 
squadron:TIE Phantom Squadron 
squadron:VT-49 Decimator 
squadron:YV-666 