ship:GR-75 Medium Transports
upgrade:Leia Organa
upgrade:Comms Net
ship:GR-75 Medium Transports
upgrade:Hondo Ohnaka
ship:MC75 Armored Cruiser 
upgrade:Lando Calrissian 
upgrade:Gunnery Team 
upgrade:Early Warning System 
upgrade:External Racks 
ship:MC75 Armored Cruiser 
upgrade:Leading Shots 
upgrade:XI7 Turbolasers 
ship:MC80 Assault Cruiser 
upgrade:Admiral Ackbar 
upgrade:Strategic Adviser 
upgrade:Engine Techs 
upgrade:Early Warning System 
upgrade:Electronic Countermeasures 
upgrade:Leading Shots 
upgrade:XI7 Turbolasers 
upgrade:Defiance 
squadron:VCX-100 Freighter 
squadron:HWK-290